How about taking off all my clothes now? Is it suitable for me?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I just kept going up
How can you take this seriously?
Then if Xiaoyan, I want to take it seriously
ridiculous
Do you know what my lipstick and I are worth?
The number one brand in the live broadcast room
The average person buys 1 million gifts
It's barely enough for me to do a striptease
1 million is quite expensive for you.
You can do it
You want me to strip naked and serve you
It’s impossible without 10 million
Look at you poor loser, you smell like sweat all over your body
Are you looking for coolies?
The hero failed just now
Spent all the money I had
Even the stinky dick wants me to serve you
Don't be so arrogant yet.
you you still have you
Anyway, apart from this suggestion
All the rest are covered
What did you say
Although I am usually not picky about food,
But I'm free
Boss, you are a trash from the bottom of society.
Why do you think I'm dirty?
Although they say it is not as valuable as a partnership
But they are all worth more than 3 million
I advise you to choose one carefully
To prevent all the money in your pocket from being wasted
Only children make choices
I don't want any
if i say
I am the new and old horse in your live broadcast room
Are you still unwilling to serve me?
How about taking off my clothes now is it suitable for me?
What nonsense?
I have been on it just now
How can it be serious?
Then if Xiaoyan, I want to take it seriously
ridiculous
Do you know what my lipstick and I are worth?
The first card in the live stream
Most people 1 million gifts
That is barely enough for a striptease
1 million, you are pretty expensive
How about you?
Want me to strip naked to serve you
It is impossible without 10 million
Look at you, poor guy, sweating all over
Are you looking at coolies?
The hero didn't show off just now
Spend all my money
Stinky dick also let me serve
Do not be in a hurry to be arrogant
You and you and you
Anyway, except for this suggestion
The rest are all inclusive
Pardon me?
I am not a picky eater.
But I have free time.
Boss, you rubbish at the bottom of society
Why do you think I am dirty?
Although they say that it is not as valuable as a partnership account
But they are worth more than 3 million
I advise you to choose one well.
Before all the money in my pocket goes to waste
Kids make choices.
I do not want any
If I say
I am the new and old horse in your live stream.
Are you still unwilling to serve me?